Invalid storage device handling (#488)
yast/d-installer: doc/yupdate.md

  mode. The files will not be minimized and additional `*.map` files will be
  generated. This helps with debugging in the browser, you can get the locations
  in the original source files.
- `YUPDATE_SKIP_FRONTEND=1` - Skip updating the web frontend. Use this option
  when you use the webpack development server for running the web frontend.
  In that case updating the web frontend does not make sense because it is
  running in a different server. This saves some time and disk/RAM space.

> - `YUPDATE_SKIP_BACKEND=1` - Skip updating the DBus service backend. This is the

Reviewer: NP:

```suggestion
- `YUPDATE_SKIP_BACKEND=1` - Skip updating the D-Bus service backend. This is the
```

>   opposite case for the previous option.

Reviewer: NP: I wouldn't say _opposite_. It's similar to the previous but for another area... but I guess you can pass both options and get them working.
